Wagtail Live Tutorial (#52)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/getting_started/tutorial.md

When logged into the admin site, a superuser has full permissions and is able to view/create/manage the database.

## Configure an input source and its corresponding receiver

We need an input source for our live blog.

An input source is a platform (often a messaging app but any other tool that allows content editing and offering an API can be used) where we edit the content that appears on the front-end/client side.

> We also need a receiver for our input source. The goal of a receiver is to receive/retrieve updates from an input source.You can learn more about input sources and receivers here: [Input sources and receivers](../topics/input_source_and_receivers.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also need a receiver for our input source. The goal of a receiver is to receive/retrieve updates from an input source. You can learn more about input sources and receivers here: [Input sources and receivers](../topics/input_source_and_receivers.md)
```

In order to use the long polling technique for the publishing part, add this to your `settings`:
```python
WAGTAIL_LIVE_PUBLISHER = "wagtail_live.publishers.LongPollingPublisher"
```

You can optionally set a polling timeout by doing so:
```python
WAGTAIL_LIVE_POLLING_TIMEOUT = value # in seconds
```
The default value is **30**(s).

### Add publisher template

We also need to add this to our `live_blog_page.html` template:
```python
{% include "wagtail_live/polling/long_polling.html" %}
```

Make sure you have these 2 lines in your template:
```python
{% include "wagtail_live/live_posts.html" %}

{% include "wagtail_live/polling/long_polling.html" %}
```

That's it for the configuration part.

## Liveblogging

To start liveblogging, head to [http://127.0.0.1:8000/wagtail_live_interface/channels/]() and create a new channel named `test_channel` for example.

Now, go to [http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/]() and create a new page of type `LiveBlogPage`.

You can choose the title you like for the page and fill the `channel_id` field with the name of the channel you created in the live interface, in our example `test_channel`.

Click on the `Live` button to display the page.

> Enter in the channel you created in the live interface and start posting in the channel. You should see your posts in the page within few!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the channel you created in the live interface and start posting in the channel. You should see your posts in the page momentarily!
```
